I am exhausted.
I knew exercise class is so hard.
Your new exercise class?
Yeah.
My new advanced exercise class.
Why advanced?
My instructor thought that the beginner's class was too easy for me.
Too easy for you?
That's not what I have.
In the beginner's class, they give you a chance to rest between exercises.
So?
The advanced class is non-stop.
I lift weights every morning for 60 minutes without stopping.
No problem.
Listen, Richard.
Doing aerobics for an hour is a lot different than lifting weights.
Yeah, quite a bit different.
I think aerobics is easy.
I could work out in your class with no problem.
You think so?
Oh, without a doubt.
When's the next class?
Tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock.
Try it.
Tomorrow morning after lifting weights, I'll try aerobics.
It's a snap.
Tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock.
Are you going to the aerobics class this morning?
Of course.
Easy.
No sweat.
You are not going to be able to move after this and the aerobics class.
Are you kidding me?
It's going to be a piece of cake.
You want a bet?
Yeah, what's the bet?
I bet I can go one hour in your class this morning and not feel a thing.
The bet is I win and you cook dinner for the entire family.
Or you win and I cook dinner for the entire family.
It's a bet.
Okay.
Call my instructor, Jack Davis right now.
His number is 555-8842.
The advanced class starts at 10 o'clock.
Which is a 20 now.
It only takes eight minutes by bicycle to the aerobics class.
Give him a call.
Davis, aerobic center for good health.
Jack Davis, please.
This is Jack Davis.
Hello.
This is Richard Stewart.
My wife, Marilyn Stewart is a member of your program.
I'd like to come to the 10 o'clock advanced class this morning.
Oh, fine.
Fine.
Be here a few minutes early.
You need to complete some forms before the class.
Thanks.
I'm a mowy over.
Right.
Bye-bye.
So I'll set.
I'm going.
Bye.
See you later.
Good luck.
Don't forget about the bet.
Dinner for the entire family.
And that includes Susan.
Don't you forget.